Adds the missing docs on webhooks. (#269)
netlify/gotrue: README.md

<p><a href="{{ .ConfirmationURL }}">Change Email</a></p>
```

`WEBHOOK_URL` - `string`

> Url of the webhook listener server. This will called when events like  `validate`, `signup` or `login` occurs.

Reviewer: can we call this a webhook `receiver` or `target`?

Author: :+1:

> Url of the webhook receiver endpoint. This will called when events like `validate`, `signup` or `login` occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Url of the webhook receiver endpoint. This will be called when events like `validate`, `signup` or `login` occur.
```

Author: Sure, I did it.

`WEBHOOK_SECRET` - `string`

> Shared secret to authorize webhook requests.

Reviewer: maybe add a note that this uses `JWS` signatures?

Author: I extended the description a little bit, also to explain why JWS verification is important.

`WEBHOOK_URL` - `string`

> Url of the webhook receiver server. This will called when events like  `validate`, `signup` or `login` occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Url of the webhook receiver endpoint. This will be called when events like `validate`, `signup` or `login` occur.
```
